+++
title = 'About'
date = 2024-05-24T22:45:22-07:00
draft = false
+++

As a graduate from the University of Toronto with a degree in Computer Engineering and a focus on Artificial Intelligence, Hetav Pandya is deeply passionate about leveraging technology to gain insights into complex real-world phenomena. His project, Open Hansard, represents the culmination of this passion, as it aims to analyze and visualize the debates occurring in the Canadian Parliament, specifically the House of Commons, using state-of-the-art Large Language Models (LLMs), including LLama3 by Meta AI.

At its core, Open Hansard seeks to provide a comprehensive overview of the topics being discussed, the key players involved, and the tone and sentiment expressed during these crucial debates. By harnessing the official Hansard document of Canada—a meticulous record of all parliamentary proceedings—Hetav endeavors to uncover insights into the driving issues, linguistic nuances, and prevailing sentiments within Canadian politics.

Through the meticulous application of LLMs to process and analyze the vast textual data contained within Hansard, his goal is to shed light on the intricate dynamics at play in Canadian parliamentary politics. By revealing the themes that unite or divide Members of Parliament and elucidating the rhetorical strategies employed by different parties, Open Hansard serves as a valuable resource for researchers, policymakers, and citizens alike.

It's important to note that Large Language Models can sometimes produce inaccurate or misleading results, including hallucinations. Hetav emphasizes that he does not take responsibility for the predictions or interpretations generated by the models.

With Open Hansard, Hetav aspires to contribute to a deeper understanding of the complexities of parliamentary democracy, enriching our comprehension of this critical institution. By employing cutting-edge technologies and methodologies, he endeavors to bring new perspectives to the study of parliamentary debates, fostering informed discourse and facilitating evidence-based decision-making in the realm of Canadian politics.

Source code: https://github.com/pandyah5/open-hansard

Source code for website: https://github.com/pandyah5/open-hansard-website.github.io