+++
title = 'Hansard 2024 05 07'
date = 2024-05-07T19:53:18-07:00
draft = false
+++

Today, the parliament discussed several pressing issues affecting Canadians. One topic of concern is the national debt, which has increased to $57 billion due to the government's spending habits. This inflationary pressure has driven up prices and interest rates, ultimately affecting average Canadians more than politicians themselves.

On a more positive note, the budget speech highlighted several initiatives aimed at supporting Islanders, including a dental care program, investments in housing, and tax changes benefiting students and seniors. These measures demonstrate the government's commitment to delivering fairness for every generation.

Additionally, the speaker commended the government's efforts to address online sexual exploitation and violence, including the introduction of a new regulator to remove harmful content. She also emphasized the importance of ensuring the safety of sex workers and recognized the need for better support systems for those involved in the industry.

Furthermore, the speaker criticized the government's bill aimed at preventing the distribution of non-consensual and child-depicting pornographic images, arguing that it prioritizes mitigating risk for users over reducing harm to victims. She instead supported a Conservative Party bill that aims to protect children from child sexual abuse material.

In another discussion, the parliamentary secretary addressed concerns about transparency and accountability in procurement processes. He emphasized the importance of ensuring that government contracts are awarded fairly and welcomed recommendations from the Auditor General and procurement ombudsperson.